Add ABOUT.md (#47)
exercism/system-verilog: docs/ABOUT.md

# About

> SystemVerilog is a hybrid of the [Hardware Description Language][HDL] (HDL) and the [Hardware Verification Language][HVL] (HVL), which is abbreviated as HDVL. That is, it describes the form and behaviour of electronic circuits while also verifying electronic circuits expressed in a Hardware Description Language. SystemVerilog was created in 2005 as a superset of Verilog with several modifications to the [Verilog][Verilog] language, and it was upgraded in 2012 as [IEEE][IEEE] 1800-2012 standard. SystemVerilog is built on a more dynamic class level testbench.
> 
> Constraint Random Generation, Assertion Based Verification, and Coverage Driven Verification are all used in SystemVerilog to create a full verification environment. These approaches vastly enhance the verification process. SystemVerilog also has improved hardware-modeling technologies that boost [RTL design][RTL-Design] efficiency and simplify the design process.
> 
> SystemVerilog is a component of the Simulation tool. It does not require any other tool, GUI, or interface (such as PLI) to execute. There are no new compilation commands required. As a result, SystemVerilog's adoption is rapid, and designers find it user-friendly and simple to use. The overall performance is one of the advantages of this one environment. Verification in SystemVerilog is at least twice as quick as in any other verification language that requires an external interface to the simulation tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SystemVerilog is a hybrid of the [Hardware Description Language][HDL] (HDL) and the [Hardware Verification Language][HVL] (HVL), which is abbreviated as HDVL.
That is, it describes the form and behaviour of electronic circuits while also verifying electronic circuits expressed in a Hardware Description Language.
SystemVerilog was created in 2005 as a superset of Verilog with several modifications to the [Verilog][Verilog] language, and it was upgraded in 2012 as [IEEE][IEEE] 1800-2012 standard.
SystemVerilog is built on a more dynamic class level test bench.

Constraint Random Generation, Assertion Based Verification, and Coverage Driven Verification are all used in SystemVerilog to create a full verification environment.
These approaches vastly enhance the verification process.
SystemVerilog also has improved hardware-modelling technologies that boost [RTL design][RTL-Design] efficiency and simplify the design process.

SystemVerilog is a component of the Simulation tool.
It does not require any other tool, GUI, or interface (such as PLI) to execute.
There are no new compilation commands required.
As a result, SystemVerilog's adoption is rapid, and designers find it user-friendly and simple to use.
The overall performance is one of the advantages of this one environment.
Verification in SystemVerilog is at least twice as quick as in any other verification language that requires an external interface to the simulation tool.
```

Author: Should I re-edit, with the suggested changes?
